[DOCS] Adds Elastic Managed LLM to Kibana connectors (#220247)
elastic/kibana: docs/reference/connectors-kibana/elastic-managed-llm.md

---
navigation_title: "Elastic Managed LLM"
---

# Elastic Managed LLM

Elastic provides a default LLM optimized for product features.

> Details of the currently used model are available in the [model card](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elastic/kibana/refs/heads/main/docs/reference/resources/Elastic_Managed_LLM_model_card.pdf).

Author: Thanks for being thorough! 🥇 
Yup, that's expected. I'm adding the linked file to the repo as part of this PR.

> Details of the currently used model are available in the [model card](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elastic/kibana/refs/heads/main/docs/reference/resources/Elastic_Managed_LLM_model_card.pdf).

Reviewer: ha! didn't even check the files changed 👍

::::{note}
The default LLM may change in the future based on evaluations of performance, security, and accuracy.
::::

## Region and hosting

The Elastic Managed LLM is currently hosted in AWS US regions, beginning with `us-east-1`.

> Expansion to additional cloud service providers (CSPs) and regions may occur in the future.

Reviewer 2: Let's remove "Expansion to additional cloud service providers (CSPs) and regions may occur in the future."

> Expansion to additional cloud service providers (CSPs) and regions may occur in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Data protection

> Customer projects or deployments hosted in any CSP or region have access to the Elastic Managed LLM hosted in the specified regions.

Reviewer 2: Expand CSP to cloud service provider here

> Customer projects or deployments hosted in any CSP or region have access to the Elastic Managed LLM hosted in the specified regions.

Author: ```suggestion
Customer projects or deployments hosted in any cloud service provider or region have access to the Elastic Managed LLM hosted in the specified regions.
```
